End the last lecture we realized that setting the totem doesn't seem to work.
Did you find out why it doesn't work.
While we can see the issue if we switch to our off reducers we're simply not handling these sets.
Token case.
So let's add that case and let's handle all actions.
Set token here so that we do actually alter the state once token is set.
In this case I want to leave the state as it is of course I want to set the token equal to my payload
to action payload here because in this case the action will have a payload.
We are passing it.
This should actually be all.
However there is one other thing we can also improve in the off service on sign up.
We do change your FINUCAN it but we never get to talk here.
So while we should indeed use here or indeed do here is we should also get to talk in here.
So we should basically copy the code from the sign in case your where we reach out to firebase to get
the token and then dispatch said token to.
Now with this in place if we now reload and we do log in here let's go to the list and delete the recipe
and let's try fetching it now.
Now this works because now we are setting the token we are fetching it.
Now on the other hand if we log out upon clicking log out so we get this strange error that the request
wasn't sent successfully because you were on offer us which makes sense because the token is null.
But why did our app try to send this request here.
Think about this issue and see if you can find root for this problem.
We'll solve it together in the next lecture.